	I feel like I learned a lot about using SQLAlchemy while completing this assignment. I used the SQLAlchemy create_engine to connect to the sqlite database. I used the automap base to reflect the tables into classes and to save a references to those classes called Station and Measurement. I designed a query to retrieve values from the last year of the precipitation data. I obtained a single precipitation value per date.
	I loaded the query results into a Pandas dataframe. I set the index to the date column. I sorted the dataframe values by date. I plotted the results using the DataFrame plot method. The results looked just like how I expected them to.
	I printed the summary statistics for the precipitation data by using the df.describe function. I got an output of the count, mean, standard deviation, minimum, 25th percentile, 50th  percentile, 75th percentile, and maximum. I then designed a query to show how many stations are available in the dataset. I received an output of 9 stations.
	In order to list the stations and the counts in descending order, I grouped by the measurement station in my query and ordered by the count of the measurement station in descending order in my query. I then did a query to calculate the average temperature recorded, the highest temperature recorded, and the lowest temperature recorded. The average temperature recorded was 71.66 degrees Fahrenheit. The highest temperature recorded was 85 degrees Fahrenheit. The lowest temperature recorded is 54 degrees Fahrenheit.
	I queried the last 12 months of temperature observation data for station USC00519281 as it was the station with the highest number of temperature observations. I plotted temperature as the xlabel. Frequency automatically became the ylabel. The histogram shows the highest number of temperature observations for this station occurring when the temperature is approximately 77 degrees Fahrenheit.
	I created a Flask API based on the queries that were developed.  I imported Flask to create my routes. I listed all routes that are available. I returned a JSON list of the most recent 12 months of precipitation data. I returned a JSON list of stations from the dataset. I returned a JSON list of temperature observations for that year.
 I created a query that returned the minimum temperature, the average temperature, and the maximum temperature for a given start or start-end range. I returned a JSONified dictionary of minimum, maximum, and average temperatures. This was the part of the homework that I had the most problems with as a lot of times when I was coding this part my results ended up blank.
I really enjoyed completing this homework assignment. I feel like I learned a lot about how to use SQLAlchemy while completing this homework assignment. The part of this homework that I had the most difficulty with was returning a JSONified dictionary of minimum, maximum, and average temperatures. I feel like I am able to code more using SQL, and especially SQLAlchemy, after completing this assignment.
For the bonus I used the calc temps function. I used the Pandas Dataframe function to create a bar plot of my results with the temperature being plotted on the y axis. When I wrote my query for the next section, I made sure that it was in descending order where it was being ordered by the precipitation amount. I then created a query to calculate the daily normals. I loaded the results into a Pandas Dataframe. I added the 'trip_dates' range as the 'date' index. I plotted the daily normals as an area plot where stackes is equal to false. My graph looks just like I expected it to.
